## How to interpret this Risk Warning

All terms used in this notice, which are defined in the Cronex Terms of
Use (the "Terms of Use"), have the same meaning and construction as in
the Terms of Use.


## Cronex Services

This notice provides you with information about the risks associated
with Cronex Services. Each Cronex Service has its own distinct risks.
This notice provides a general description of the risks when you use
Cronex Services.

This notice does not explain all of the risks or how such risks relate
to your personal circumstances. It is important that you fully
understand the risks involved before making a decision to use Cronex
Services.


## No Personal Advice

We do not provide personal advice in relation to our products or
services. We sometimes provide factual information, information about
transaction procedures and information about the potential risks.
However, any decision to use our products or services is made by you. No
communication or information provided to you by Cronex is intended as,
or shall be considered or construed as, investment advice, financial
advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice. You are solely
responsible for determining whether any investment, investment strategy
or related transaction is appropriate for you according to your personal
investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance.


## No Monitoring

Cronex is not your broker, intermediary, agent, or advisor and has no
fiduciary relationship or obligation to you in connection with any
trades or other decisions or activities undertaken by you using Cronex
Services. We do not monitor whether your use of Cronex Services is
consistent with your financial goals and objectives. It is up to you to
assess whether your financial resources are adequate for your financial
activity with us, and to your risk appetite in the products and services
you use.

## No Tax, Regulatory or Legal Advice

The taxation of Digital Assets is uncertain, and you are responsible for
determining what taxes you might be liable to, and how they apply, when
transacting through the Cronex Services. It is your responsibility to
report and pay any taxes that may arise from transacting on the Cronex
Services, and you acknowledge that Cronex does not provide legal or tax
advice relative to these transactions. If you have any doubts about your
tax status or obligations when using Cronex Services, or with respect to
the Digital Assets held to the credit of your Cronex account, you may
wish to seek independent advice.

You acknowledge that, when, where and as required by applicable
legislation, Cronex shall report information regarding your
transactions, transfers, distributions or payments to tax or other
public authorities. Similarly, when, where and as required by applicable
law, Cronex shall withhold taxes related to your transactions,
transfers, distributions or payments. Applicable legislation could also
prompt Cronex to request you for additional tax information, status,
certificates or documentation. You acknowledge that failure to answer
these requests within the timeframe defined, may result in withholding
taxes by Cronex, to be remitted to tax authorities as defined by
relevant law. You are encouraged to seek professional and personal tax
advice regarding the above and before making any digital asset
transaction.

## Market Risks

Digital Asset trading is subject to high market risk and price
volatility. Changes in value may be significant and may occur rapidly
and without warning. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of
future performance. The value of an investment and any returns can go
down as well as up, and you may not get back the amount you had
invested.

## Liquidity risk

Digital Assets may have limited liquidity which may make it difficult or
impossible for you to sell or exit a position when you wish to do so.
This may occur at any time, including at times of rapid price movements.

## Fees & Charges

Our fees and charges are set out in [Fees and
Limits](https://cronex.io/about/fees-limits).
Cronex may, in its discretion, update the fees & charges from time to
time. Please be aware of all costs and charges that apply to you,
because such costs and charges will affect the gains you generate from
using Cronex Services.


## Availability Risk

We do not guarantee that the Cronex Services will be available at any
particular time or that Cronex Services will not be subject to unplanned
service outages or network congestion. It may not be possible for you to
buy, sell, store, transfer, send or receive Digital Assets when you wish
to do so.

There are legal requirements in various countries which may restrict the
products and services that Cronex can lawfully provide. Accordingly,
some products and services and/or certain functionality within the
Platform may not be available or may be restricted in certain
jurisdictions or regions or to certain Users and any Cronex campaigns,
user competitions or other promotions will not be open to (and are not
targeted at or intended for) Users to whom restrictions apply. Users are
responsible for informing themselves about and observing any
restrictions and/or requirements imposed with respect to the access to
and use of the Platform and the Cronex Services in each jurisdiction
from which the Platform and the Cronex Services are accessed by or on
behalf of the User. Cronex reserves the right to change, modify or
impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use of
the Platform and/or the Cronex Services from time to time in its sole
discretion without notification.

## Third Party Risk

Third parties, such as payment providers, custodians, and banking
partners may be involved in the provision of Cronex Services. You may be
subject to the terms & conditions of these third parties, and Cronex may
not be responsible for any loss that these third parties may cause to
you.

## Security Risk

It is not possible for Cronex to eliminate all security risks. You are
responsible for keeping your Cronex Account password safe, and you may
be responsible for all the transactions under your Cronex Account,
whether you authorised them or not. Transactions in Digital Assets may
be irreversible, and losses due to fraudulent or unauthorised
transactions may not be recoverable.

## Risks related to Digital Assets

Given the nature of Digital Assets and their underlying technologies,
there are a number of intrinsic risks, including but not limited to:

- faults, defects, hacks, exploits, errors, protocol failures or
unforeseen circumstances occurring in respect of a Digital Asset or the
technologies or economic systems on which the Digital Asset rely;

- transactions in Digital Assets being irreversible. Consequently, losses
due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable;

- technological development leading to the obsolescence of a Digital
Asset;

- delays causing a transactions not be settled on the scheduled delivery
date;

- attacks on the protocol or technologies on which a Digital Asset
depends, including, but not limited to:

1.  distributed denial of service;
2.  sybil attacks;
3.  phishing;
4.  social engineering;
5.  hacking;
6.  surfing;
7.  malware;
8.  double spending;
9.  majority-mining, consensus-based or other mining attacks;
10. misinformation campaigns;
11. forks;
12. spoofing.

## Monitoring Risks

Digital Asset markets are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Rapid
price changes may occur at any time, including outside of normal
business hours.

## Communication Risks

When you communicate with us via electronic communication, you should be
aware that electronic communications can fail, can be delayed, may not
be secure and/or may not reach the intended destination.

## Currency

Currency exchange fluctuations will impact your gains and losses.

## Legal Risk

Changes in laws and regulations may materially affect the value of
Digital Assets. This risk is unpredictable and may vary from market to
market.

**Valid from: 26.06.2023**
