## 1. What does this policy cover?

1.1 This anti-bribery policy exists to set out the responsibilities of
UAB Cronex and those who work for us in regards to observing and
upholding our zero-tolerance position on bribery and corruption.

1.2 It also exists to act as a source of information and guidance for
those working for Davidson Holding.s. It helps them recognize and deal
with bribery and corruption issues, as well as understand their
responsibilities.

## 2. Policy statement

2.1 UAB Cronex is committed to conducting business in an ethical and
honest manner, and is committed to implementing and enforcing systems
that ensure bribery is prevented. UAB Cronex has zero-tolerance for
bribery and corrupt activities. We are committed to acting
professionally, fairly, and with integrity in all business dealings and
relationships, wherever in the country we operate.

2.2 UAB Cronex will constantly uphold all laws relating to anti-bribery
and corruption in all the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are
bound by the laws of the Republic of Lithuania, including the [Anti-money
laundering and terrorist financing law](https://e-seimas.lrs.lt/portal/legalAct/lt/TAD/2c647332ba5111eb91e294a1358e77e9?jfwid=-ftbtxg7qb) and
[Criminal Code of Republic of Lithuania](https://e-seimas.lrs.lt/portal/legalAct/lt/TAD/TAIS.111555/asr), in regards to our conduct both at home and abroad.

2.3 UAB Cronex recognizes that bribery and corruption are punishable by
Lithuanian criminal code and may cause imprisonment and a financial fine
to the employee and to the company itself. If our company is discovered
to have taken part in corrupt activities, we may be subjected to an
unlimited fine, be excluded from list of registered VASP companies and
face serious damage to our reputation. It is with this in mind that we
commit to preventing bribery and corruption in our business, and take
our legal responsibilities seriously.

## 3. Who is covered by the policy?

3.1 This anti-bribery policy applies to all employees (whether
temporary, fixed-term, or permanent), consultants, contractors,
trainees, seconded staff, home workers, casual workers, agency staff,
volunteers, interns, agents, sponsors, or any other person or persons
associated with us (including third parties), or any of our subsidiaries
or their employees, no matter where they are located (within or outside
of the Lithuania). The policy also applies to Officers, Trustees, Board,
and/or Committee members at any level.

3.2 In the context of this policy, third-party refers to any individual
or organisation our company meets and works with. It refers to actual
and potential clients, customers, suppliers, distributors, business
contacts, agents, advisers, and government and public bodies – this
includes their advisors, representatives and officials, politicians, and
public parties.

3.3 Any arrangements our company makes with a third party is subject to
clear contractual terms, including specific provisions that require the
third party to comply with minimum

## 4. Definition of bribery

4.1 Bribery refers to the act of offering, giving, promising, asking,
agreeing, receiving, accepting, or soliciting something of value or of
an advantage so to induce or influence an action or decision.

4.2 A bribe refers to any inducement, reward, or object/item of value
offered to another individual in order to gain commercial, contractual,
regulatory, or personal advantage.

4.3 Bribery is not limited to the act of offering a bribe. If an
individual is on the receiving end of a bribe and they accept it, they
are also breaking the law.

4.4 Bribery is illegal. Employees must not engage in any form of
bribery, whether it be directly, passively (as described above), or
through a third party (such as an agent or distributor). They must not
bribe a foreign public official anywhere in the world. They must not
accept bribes in any degree and if they are uncertain about whether
something is a bribe or a gift or act of hospitality, they must seek
further advice from the company’s compliance manager.

## 5. What is and what is NOT acceptable

5.1 This section of the policy refers to 4 areas:

-   Gifts and hospitality.

-   Facilitation payments.

-   Political contributions.

-   Charitable contributions.

5.2 Gifts and hospitality

UAB Cronex accepts normal and appropriate gestures of hospitality and
goodwill (whether given to/received from third parties) so long as the
giving or receiving of gifts meets the following requirements:

1.  It is not made with the intention of influencing the party to whom it is being given, to obtain or reward the retention of a business or a business advantage, or as an explicit or implicit exchange for favours or benefits.

2.  It is not made with the suggestion that a return favour is expected.

3.  It is in compliance with local law.

4.  It is given in the name of the company, not in an individual’s name.

5.  It does not include cash or a cash equivalent (e.g. a voucher or gift certificate).

6.  It is appropriate for the circumstances (e.g. giving small gifts around Christmas or as a small thank you to a company for helping with a large project upon completion).

7.  It is of an appropriate type and value and given at an appropriate time, taking into account the reason for the gift.

8.  It is given/received openly, not secretly.

9.  It is not selectively given to a key, influential person, clearly with the intention of directly influencing them.

10. It is not above a certain excessive value, as pre-determined by the company’s compliance manager.

11. It is not offer to, or accepted from, a government official or representative or politician or political party, without the prior approval of the company’s compliance manager.

5.3 Where it is inappropriate to decline the offer of a gift (i.e. when
meeting with an individual of a certain religion/culture who may take
offence), the gift may be accepted so long as it is declared to the
compliance manager, who will assess the circumstances.

5.4 UAB Cronex recognises that the practice of giving and receiving
business gifts varies between countries, regions, cultures, and
religions, so definitions of what is acceptable and not acceptable will
inevitably differ for each.

5.5 As good practice, gifts given and received should always be
disclosed to the compliance manager. Gifts from suppliers should always
be disclosed.

5.6 The intention behind a gift being given/received should always be
considered. If there is any uncertainty, the advice of the compliance
manager should be sought.

5.7 Facilitation Payments and Kickbacks.

UAB Cronex does not accept and will not make any form of facilitation
payments of any nature. We recognise that facilitation payments are a
form of bribery that involves expediting or facilitating the performance
of a public official for a routine governmental action. We recognise
that they tend to be made by low level officials with the intention of
securing or speeding up the performance of a certain duty or action.

5.8 UAB Cronex does not allow kickbacks to be made or accepted. We
recognise that kickbacks are typically made in exchange for a business
favour or advantage.

5.9 UAB Cronex recognizes that, despite our strict policy on
facilitation payments and kickbacks, employees may face a situation
where avoiding a facilitation payment or kickback may put their/their
family’s personal security at risk. Under these circumstances, the
following steps must be taken:

1.  Keep any amount to the minimum.

2.  Ask for a receipt, detailing the amount and reason for the payment.

3.  Create a record concerning the payment.

4.  Report this incident to your line manager.

5.10 Political Contributions

UAB Cronex will not make donations, whether in cash, kind, or by any
other means, to support any political parties or candidates. We
recognize this may be perceived as an attempt to gain an improper
business advantage.

5.11 Charitable Contributions

UAB Cronex accepts (and indeed encourages) the act of donating to
charities – whether through services, knowledge, time, or direct
financial contributions (cash or otherwise) – and agrees to disclose all
charitable contributions it makes.

5.12 Employees must be careful to ensure that charitable contributions
are not used to facilitate and conceal acts of bribery.

5.13 We will ensure that all charitable donations made are legal and
ethical under local laws and practices, and that donations are not
offered/made without the approval of the compliance manager.

## 6. Employee Responsibilities

6.1 As an employee of UAB Cronex, you must ensure that you read,
understand, and comply with the information contained within this
policy, and with any training or other anti-bribery and corruption
information you are given.

6.2 All employees and those under our control are equally responsible
for the prevention, detection, and reporting of bribery and other forms
of corruption. They are required to avoid any activities that could lead
to, or imply, a breach of this anti-bribery policy.

6.3 If you have reason to believe or suspect that an instance of bribery
or corruption has occurred or will occur in the future that breaches
this policy, you must notify the compliance manager.

6.4 If any employee breaches this policy, they will face disciplinary
action and could face dismissal for gross misconduct. A Managing
Director has the right to terminate a contractual relationship with an
employee if they breach this anti-bribery policy.

## 7. What happens if I need to raise a concern?

7.1This section of the policy covers 3 areas:

1.  How to raise a concern.

2.  What to do if you are a victim of bribery or corruption.

3.  Protection.

7.2 How to raise a concern

If you suspect that there is an instance of bribery or corrupt
activities occurring in relation to UAB Cronex, you are encouraged to
raise your concerns at as early a stage as possible. If you’re uncertain
about whether a certain action or behaviour can be considered bribery or
corruption, you should speak to your line manager, the compliance
manager, the director, or the Head of Legal.

7.3 UAB Cronex will familiarise all employees with its whistle blowing
procedures so employees can vocalize their concerns swiftly and
confidentially. UAB Cronex has a separate whistle-blowing chanel (via
email [<u>whistleblowing@cronex.io</u>](mailto:whistleblowing@cronex.io)
) where all related concerns can be addressed safely and anonymously
about any employee of Cronex.

7.4 What to do if you are a vicitim of bribery or corruption

You must tell your compliance manager as soon as possible if you are
offered a bribe by anyone, if you are asked to make one, if you suspect
that you may be bribed or asked to make a bribe in the near future, or
if you have reason to believe that you are a victim of another corrupt
activity.

7.5 Protection

If you refuse to accept or offer a bribe or you report a concern
relating to potential act(s) of bribery or corruption, UAB Cronex
understands that you may feel worried about potential repercussions. UAB
Cronex will support anyone who raises concerns in good faith under this
policy, even if investigation finds that they were mistaken.

7.6 UAB Cronex will ensure that no one suffers any detrimental treatment
as a result of refusing to accept or offer a bribe or other corrupt
activities or because they reported a concern relating to potential
act(s) of bribery or corruption.

7.7 Detrimental treatment refers to dismissal, disciplinary action,
treats, or unfavourable treatment in relation to the concern the
individual raised.

7.8 If you have reason to believe you’ve been subjected to unjust
treatment as a result of a concern or refusal to accept a bribe, you
should inform your line manager or the compliance manager immediately.

## 8. Training and communication

8.1 UAB Cronex will provide training on this policy as part of the
induction process for all new employees. Employees will also receive
regular, relevant training on how to adhere to this policy, and will be
asked annually to formally accept that they will comply with this
policy.

8.2 UAB Cronex’s anti-bribery and corruption policy and zero-tolerance
attitude will be clearly communicated to all suppliers, contractors,
business partners, and any third-parties at the outset of business
relations, and as appropriate thereafter.

8.3 UAB Cronex will provide relevant anti-bribery and corruption
training to employees etc. where we feel their knowledge of how to
comply with the Bribery Act needs to be enhanced. As good practice, all
businesses should provide their employees with anti- bribery training
where there is a potential risk of facing bribery or corruption during
work activities.

## 9. Record keeping

9.1 UAB Cronex will keep detailed and accurate financial records, and
will have appropriate internal controls in place to act as evidence for
all payments made. We will declare and keep a written record of the
amount and reason for hospitality or gifts accepted and given, and
understand that gifts and acts of hospitality are subject to managerial
review.

## 10. Monitoring and reviewing

10.1 UAB Cronex compliance manager is responsible for monitoring the
effectiveness of this policy and will review the implementation of it on
a regular basis. They will assess its suitability, adequacy, and
effectiveness.

10.2 Internal control systems and procedures designed to prevent bribery
and corruption are subject to regular audits to ensure that they are
effective in practice.

10.3 Any need for improvements will be applied as soon as possible.
Employees are encouraged to offer their feedback on this policy if they
have any suggestions for how it may be improved. Feedback of this nature
should be addressed to the compliance manager.

10.4 This policy does not form part of an employee’s contract of
employment and UAB Cronex may amend it at any time so to improve its
effectiveness at combating bribery and corruption.
