## Introduction

We are on a mission to make virtual currency available to everyone and
to support the worldwide adoption of digital assets. We strongly believe
that we are facing a new economic digital era and we are happy to be a
proactive player in the field. However, we respect the lessons learned
and the market experience of the seasoned financial industry. For this
reason, we implemented processes and guidelines that serve as our fenced
path toward long-term success. Our business strategy, that puts the
satisfaction of the clients in the central point of our business as well
as our Guiding Principles - Trust & Security, Accessibility, and the
Team give us direction on how to achieve our business goals. The guiding
principles are incorporated into our everyday business and reflect how
we do business.

For us, it matters what we do and how we do it. We want the public to
know how we conduct our business, and this is why transparency is one of
our pillars. We are a dedicated team playing by the rules, written and
unwritten, as we all know that not all situations can be covered with
written guidelines. For this reason, in such cases especially, we follow
the ethical principles we advocate and nourish our fairness and
integrity. Integrity was something we all followed even before we gave
it form in ourwritten policies. The “crypto” environment is new and
developing and needs help of us all to model it to ideas of integrity,
fairness, transparency and safety, in order for it to become the
(r)evolution of finance and bring about new levels of decentralization,
certainty and prosperity, that we all aim for!

Our Code of Conduct applies to all our employees and all other
contractors and service providers (hereinafter also Cronex’s
collaborators). We also expect our business partners to be proponents of
ethical principles and shared values. All our suppliers are obliged to
undergo our supplier questionnaire through which we also assess the
integrity of our business partners.

We are committed to fair business practices and professional corporate
governance. Our management team consists of experienced international
experts with a high sense for integrity and who are fully aware that
they are the role model for the rest of the company. By confirming this
Code of Conduct we publicly present our dedication to integrity. We also
vouch to be ever vigilant and strive for a constant improvement of our
practices.

## Everybody Deserves Cronex - Supporting Crypto Adoption

We wish to enable our services to everyone. We are on a mission to
enable crypto to anyone at any time. The industry is challenging, and we
need to work very hard to reach our goals. We also need to do things
differently to remain successful and also to separate from other
competitive players. We are motivated by the success of our clients and
growing number of successful use cases of adoption of virtual currencies
in the industry. We have welcomed the AMLD5 adoption as within the AML
regulation application we fully consider ourselves a company operating
in the financial industry. We employ state of the art technological and
organizational measures to ensure a high level of protection for our
clients’ assets. Safety and security of those assets andclient
satisfaction is what drives and sustains usIt makes us happy and proud
to see our customers remain our active customers for years, as this
indicates they recognize us as a reliable partner when entrusting us
with their assets. It also pushes us forward to work as hard as possible
to provide only the best to our clients, as they deserve nothing less.

## Trust & Security

### Building long-term meaningful business relationship in a safe environment

Trust & Security are prerequisites for curiosity to win. Our services
are adjusted for various client types - professionals, advanced users
and occasional users as well as the beginners who are just getting to
know the crypto world and may be contemplating purchasing virtual
currencies. For all of them Trust & Security are the key. Trust &
Security are also the common denominators of all our clients, and they
materialize in various forms - in our overall attitude toward business
conduct, decision-making processes and also in the technical security of
our platform and organization.

We deliver what we promise and are responsible and accountable for what
we do. We understand that decision-making is hard, but we require all of
us to make decisions and take the responsibility for decisions made. We
believe in knowledge and constant learning and also in the measurement
of the results.

We want to be seen as a reliable and long-term partner where clients
feel safe and sound.

## Accessibility

### Making virtual currencies accessible to everyone at any time

If we are on a mission to spread the adoption of virtual currencies. We
want our clients to have an excellent, easy to use customer experience.
The accessibility of our services is the key to our mission. We strive
to adapt to new situations and to constantly improve our services. We
understand that the benefits of virtual currencies bring about new
levels of scrutiny and strict regulations, as it should be, and also we
declare full understanding and abidance bythe rigorous AML & CFT
requirements In that regard, we take care that our communication with
clients is transparent, fair, and honest.

At the same time, we work hard in developing B2B solutions as we want to
follow the industry development.

### Team

Everyone who is helping us become one of the top crypto exchange as a
service and more

We work together to provide the best services possible; we face
challenges together which gives us the strength and expertise to face
and overcome them. We work strongly as a team, and we firmly believe
that we all together are responsible for the satisfaction of our clients
and success of our company. We cherish and nourish our corporate
culture; we interact directly with each other, respectfully and openly.
We care for each other and our families. It matters what each of us
says. We are also proud of each other and help each other to learn and
grow. We all build a most pleasant place to work.

### Customer happiness

We enable our clients to buy virtual currency in the most user-friendly
way possible.

We simply genuinely care for our clients. Our focus is on client
experience and their satisfaction with the services. We monitor the
number of support tickets and try to improve the average response and
resolution time. Our help desk is driven by our customers’ smile - we
talk about customer happiness as we all know that good service makes you
smile, and a smile makes you feel good.

When it comes to our services portfolio we are always on the lookout for
improvements and new opportunities.

## Ethical principles

### Legality

In carrying out our business activities and in relationships of any kind
and nature and especially when providing virtual currency exchange
service, we act in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations
in force and with a set of compliance rules.

Cronex regards the observance of all national and international
standards as a binding and essential condition.

During the execution of their activities, Cronex collaborators are
expected to comply with the principles of lawfulness.

Under no circumstances can the alleged pursuit of the Cronex’s interest
or benefit justify actions, which would not be in line with policy of
honest and lawful conduct.

### Impartiality & Equal opportunity

We avoid any form of discrimination based on sex, race, class,
nationality, language, religion, political and philosophical opinions,
state of health, age, or any other property.

### Honesty

While carrying out their tasks and during all types of interactions, the
Cronex’s team - employees and collaborators are expected to diligently
comply with current laws, the provisions and guiding principles of this
Code of Conduct, and all other internal procedures. In all cases, Cronex
undertakes to carry out its business with honesty, showing at all times
full respect for all parties.

### Correctness and transparency

During the execution of all types of activities, the team is expected to
avoid situations in which transactions are or may appear doubtful or
lead to a conflict of interest. and must follow internal rules as set in
internal Risk Appetite

The team is required to provide complete, transparent, understandable
and accurate information.

### Confidentiality

Cronex guarantees the confidentiality of all the information that comes
into its possession and commits to using it in compliance with current
laws. Employees are expected not to use nor distribute confidential
information for purposes that are not directly connected with their
work.

### Value of collaborators and employees & Diversity

Employees and collaborators are a vital factor in securing the success
of Cronex. Therefore, Cronex carefully protects all its human resources
and ensures that their professional needs are met.

We promote a culture of diversity and inclusion of all people and give
our utmost to create and preserve an environment of not only tolerance,
but genuine acceptance and respect for the uniqueness of us all.

### Personal Integrity and Health & Safety

Cronex guarantees the physical and moral integrity of its employees and
collaborators as well as working conditions that are respectful of
individual dignity and enable them to execute their duties diligently.
Special attention is paid to all employees and collaborators that are
involved in the compliance process and Cronex wishes to ensure that
their work is always conducted prudently and diligently. To that end,
Cronex will not tolerate any demands or threats aimed at encouraging
colleagues to act in a manner contrary to the law and the internal rules
or to behave in a way that is harmful to the moral and personal beliefs
and preferences of each person.

Any kind of sexual harassment, mobbing or any other behavior which is
detrimental to members of the team, is by no means acceptable nor
justifiable and will be prosecuted with highest priority and followed by
strict consequences.

Cronex is committed to its responsibility for the safety and health of
its employees. We provide occupational safety and healthcare according
to the provisions of national regulations. We do what is necessary to
preserve and promote the health and safety of our employees and we
continually strive to improve our working environment. Our team is
instructed on how to take all appropriate precautions to ensure that
their workplace provides safe and optimal working conditions.

## Rules of Conduct

###  I EXTERNAL

#### Conflict of interest & Gifts and hospitality

Building the Cronex’s network is of utmost importance to the work we do.
We set out to reach the best possible relationships with our partners
and clients. However we always need to take into account possible
conflicts of interests and limitations regarding hospitality and
exchange of gratitude gifts. Such benefits (in the form of gifts,
invitations) are prevalent in business relationships and they are
acceptable as long as they are within reasonable values and do not
contravene any internal rules or national regulations. On the contrary,
if such benefits exceed what is reasonable and are misused to influence
decisions of third parties, such actions will be investigated and the
involved Team members will be held accountable.

#### Anti-bribery and corruption

This subject is inherently connected with the previous hospitality but
reaches much further. Bribery is illegal. Corruption is a serious
problem of the society and should be fought against with the highest
priority, as it clearly impairs innovation, progress and overall
development of society. Cronex does not condone nor tolerate corruption.

We need to understand the ramifications and consequences of offering or
accepting a bribe. Bribery is not limited to the act of offering a
bribe. If an individual is on the receiving end of a bribe and they
accept it, they are also breaking the law. We must not engage in any
form of bribery, whether it be directly, passively (as described above),
or through a third party (such as an agent or distributor).

The employees and/or collaborators are prohibited from bribing a foreign
public official, or anyone else for that matter, anywhere in the world.
We never partake in such illicit activities, and we offer hospitality
only within the applicable legal frameworks - national regulations and
our internal procedures.

#### Relationship with authorities

Cronex fully and scrupulously observes the regulations established by
market regulatory authorities, neither denying, hiding nor delaying any
information requested by the bodies responsible for their application
and actively collaborating during preliminary operations. To guarantee
the utmost transparency, Cronex undertakes to avoid conflict of interest
with Authorities’ employees or their relatives.

#### Money laundering and Terrorist Financing Prevention

Cronex and its employees and collaborators must strictly observe and
follow the laws against money-laundering and terrorist financing
prevention in any competent jurisdiction.

All Cronex employees and collaborators are prohibited from carrying out
or from being in any way involved in activities involving the
laundering, recycling, or use of money, goods or profits from an illicit
source, in any way or form or for any purpose that has or could have
elements of terrorist financing. The responsible person within Cronex
organization must make prior checks on commercial partners, clients, and
suppliers, based on the information available and based on the
requirements as set in the applicable law, including financial
information, in order to verify their respectability and the legitimacy
of their activities before entering into any business relationship with
the latter.

#### Transactions & Financial Statements

All transactions and operations carried out must be duly and
appropriately posted to allow the competent bodies to check the
decisional, authorization, and implementation processes. All operations
must be supported by adequate documentation to allow the competent
bodies to verify characteristics and reasons of each transaction and to
identify the person that has authorized, carried out, posted, and
assessed each transaction. All transactions and operations must be
conducted in a transparent manner and with a full audit trail of
execution of actions and supervision thereof.

We are transparent with our figures and we conduct our accounting and
financial reporting according to applicable regulations and highest
professional standards.

#### Fair competition

Fair and free competition is protected by the applicable competition and
antitrust legislation. Anti-competitive conduct has not only the
potential to cause severe detriment to the market health, but also to
damage the Cronex’s goodwill and induce high monetary fines, damages and
even criminal liability.

Cronex upholds conducting business solely on principles of fair and free
competition. We do not enter into any competition hindering agreements
with competitors, business partners or customers. Whenever we are in
contact with our competitors, we avoid discussions with competitors
about issues that could influence free and fair competition. Such issues
include fees and pricing policy, business and product development,
business strategies and anything else that feels it may be hindering
free and fair competition.

If we come to hold a dominant market position, we do not abuse it, but
abide by applicable national and transnational regulation. Abuse can
maniphest itself in various forms - e.g. refusal to provide services not
based on objective criteria, treating our users differently for no
objective reason (discrimination) - such as imposing unreasonably high
or low fees and conditions for certain customers based solely on our
discretion, or unjustified tie-in arrangements linking unsolicited
additional services.

#### Inside information & Prohibition of Insider Trading

National legislations and EU law prohibit insider trading as a general
principle in financial markets. The same applies to inciting a third
party to engage in insider trading and to the unlawful disclosure of
inside information. Although such rules are traditionally linked with
financial markets and financial instruments, some legislations go as far
as explicitly prohibiting insider trading with crypto currencies, even
when they are not considered financial instruments. We will therefore
consider insider training rules to be applicable to our business and act
accordingly.

Inside information is each information about specific facts that are
non-public and relate directly or indirectly to one or more issuers or
one or more types of crypto currencies, which, if made public, would be
likely to have a significant effect on the price of crypto currencies.

We do not condone nor tolerate insider trading or any involvement in
insider trading, norinciting insider trading or disclosure of inside
information).

We may use knowledge relating to our business processes and projects
only internally and in accordance with the general legal framework and
internal rules and we may not disclose such knowledge to any outside
party, be that even friends or close family members.

#### Marketing & Social Media

Aiming to be recognized as the most trusted and safest exchange
platform, we have a responsibility to market our products accurately and
transparently. We are expected to always represent our products
truthfully, responsibly, and in adherence to all relevant laws and
regulations in the countries where we operate.

Fair marketing practices are rules set in stone for us. So when an
employee’s work involves marketing, we must abide by certain rules.

We will never misrepresent the quality of our services, nor succumb to
misleading or untruthful practices in advertising. We do not make
unsupported claims. Marketing practices will always be properly legally
vetted and approved by the management before their roll-out.

We engage in social media with care, responsibility and accountability.
When we are online, we are expected to always have Cronex’s best
interest in the back of our mind and to adhere to Cronex’s key social
principles of being understanding,responsible, and respectful.

Guidelines for social media behavior are the same as they are for our
everyday conduct. The values, ethics and principles that we are expected
to live by everyday, apply when we are online as well. Whether we are
Tweeting, supporting customers or chatting with our neighbors, we always
act with integrity and respect and strive to be the better versions of
ourselves. Bear in mind that what you post, share or like online may be
read at any time by anyone – our customers, colleagues, potential or
existing investors, journalists or even regulators. This policy applies
to both company sponsored social media and personal profiles, as it
relates to Cronex.

### II INTERNAL

#### Infosec

Cronex recognizes the fundamental importance of information security in
our business and in the digital environment. Being one of the pillars of
our business, we have created state of the art information security
policies, procedures and processes which are there to establish and
maintain the stability of our services and the trust of all our
stakeholders.

Since we see Infosec as one of the most critical business areas within
our organization, we saw it as a necessity to implement best practices
within the industry to assure the highest level of security and safety.

#### Data Protection

We adhere to strict EU data protection regulation and recognize the
intricate and inherent connection between information security and data
protection.  
Collecting, storing, structuring, using, disclosing and other use of
personal data is performed on legal basis, be that performance of our
services to customers (execution of contractual obligations), our
legitimate interest, consent of the person concerned, or some other
legal basis.

We protect the personal data of customers, employees, business partners
and all other stakeholders and affected parties at all times.
Unauthorized internal or external access is strictly prohibited.  
We act with proper diligence and care when processing personal data and
observe at all times principles of lawfulness, fairness and
transparency, purpose limitation, data minimisation, storage limitation,
accuracy, integrity and confidentiality and accountability. For more
details please refer to Cronex’s Privacy Policy.

#### Confidential information, IP & Know-how

We are committed to safeguarding all relevant company information, but
we put additional emphasis on the importance of protection of
confidential information, be that information about our own organization
or about our business partners, (joint) projects, customers or any other
third parties, entrusted to us. Confidentiality lies as a responsibility
with all members of the Team, even after leaving Cronex.

All business partners, employees and collaborators are introduced with
the set of mutual rights and obligations regarding confidentiality of
information by means of a Non-Disclosure Agreement (“NDA”).

Intellectual property (“IP”) and know-how are invaluable assets created
in the course of our meticulous and hard work and need to be protected
at all times. Intellectual property includes our trademark, brand,
logos, copyrights, domain name, social media accounts and products,
registered or not.

Know-how represents our expertise and knowledge, the organization of our
business which allows us to provide excellence to our customers. It is
invaluable and needs to be protected with the highest degree of care and
integrity.

We do not allow third parties to use our trademark or other intellectual
property without proper authorization. Our brand, logo and other IP must
not be used as part of illicit actions, in a degrading or otherwise
offensive manner.

Our intellectual property also includes products of our employees’ work,
subject to certain exceptions. As a Cronex’s employee, any work you
create, in whole or in part, in or outside working hours, in connection
with your duties by using company resources, belongs to Cronex. This is
elaborated and agreed upon in detail not later than at the moment of
commencement of employment and/or cooperation with Cronex.

#### Company assets

Cronex’s tangible and intangible assets are there to help us provide the
best service and user experience and achieve our business objectives and
may be used for business purposes only. We all share a common
responsibility to our assets and exercise proper diligence and care when
putting Cronex’s assets to use. The assets are used in the optimal way -
efficiently and fairly. We protect them from damage, mistreatment, loss
or theft, without forgetting that our own physical health & integrity
come first. We never use the assets for private or other non-business
related purposes.

#### Cronex code of conduct in daily operations

We work together as one team and with passion and dedication and
commitment to be the best. We form a culture of cooperation where we
work together and learn from each other as well as support and challenge
each other. We are fair, direct, and honest.

We strive to work efficiently and interact with each other to maintain
the communication flow. We constantly build our knowledge base and
lessons learned. When needed we work together to overcome any and all
obstacles. We are genuinely concentrated on improvement of business
processes and our service.

#### Business Relationship Management

We strive to build meaningful long-term business relationships that are
based on trust and fairness. Our business decisions must not be
influenced by private interest and personal advantage and for this
reason, we avoid situations of conflict of interest.

Customer care is the goal of our business and our focal point of
interest. We respond to inquiries quickly and comprehensively. The roles
and responsibilities for communication with interested stakeholders are
clearly defined and managed by responsible managers.

We care about who we work with. So prior to entering into a business
relationship we perform detailed due diligence to assure our cooperation
is formed with entities which business is based on the same principles.
Relationships are monitored and evaluated on a regular basis in order to
implement possible improvements and to assure smooth cooperation.

#### Assuring Internal Compliance

We, the Cronex - each and every team member - act in accordance with the
law, internal procedures and rules and with integrity. Any deviation
from this automatically represents a serious violation of conduct
standards and needs to be internally investigated. Misconduct cannot be
tolerated and to assure these special obligations are given to managers
who are responsible for implementing the culture of compliance. We care
for honesty and integrity and have built an environment that includes
these principles in its very basis.

We all represent the company; one’s misconduct can negatively impact the
company’s reputation. For this reason, we always act with integrity with
Cronex’s best interest in mind. We build and protect the goodwill of
Cronex at all times. The employees must interact with each other openly
and honestly and with respect, concentrating on the business needs. One
of the main manager’s responsibilities is to assure an environment where
employees feel safe and are enabled to share their opinion and disclose
information without fearing negative consequences. By providing such an
environment we detect possible deviancies at an early stage.

Together we build good practice standards and we look forward to the
further development of the company and the industry in general.
